Add a sample for Source.unfoldResource (#27823)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/Source/unfoldResource.md

## Description

> `Source.unfoldResource` allows us to safely interact with this API by providing three functions: 

Reviewer: What is "this API"?

Author: That API, you know! Not sure what happened in this sentence, I'll fix.

1. `create`: Open or create the resource
1. `read`: Fetch the next element or signal that we reached the end of the stream by returning a @java[`Optional.empty`]@scala[`None`]
1. `close`: Close the resource, invoked on end of stream or if the stream fails

> The functions are by default called on the blocking io dispatcher to avoid interfering with other stream operations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions are by default called on Akka's dispatcher for blocking IO to avoid interfering with other stream operations. 
```

> See @ref:[Blocking Needs Careful Management](../../../typed/dispatchers.md#blocking-needs-careful-management) for an explanation on why this is important.

Reviewer: Prefer an absolute path?

> Note that there are pre-built `unfoldResource`-like operators for the old Java `InputStream` APIs in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that there are pre-built `unfoldResource`-like operators to wrap `java.io.InputStream`s in 
```

on retrieving each result from the query. It also gives us an iterator like way to determine if we have reached
the end of the result and a close method that must be called to free resources:

Scala
:   @@snip [UnfoldResource.scala](/akka-docs/src/test/scala/docs/stream/operators/source/UnfoldResource.scala) { #unfoldResource-blocking-api }

Java
:   @@snip [UnfoldResource.java](/akka-docs/src/test/java/jdocs/stream/operators/source/UnfoldResource.java) { #unfoldResource-blocking-api }

Let's see how we use the API above safely through `unfoldResource`:

Scala
:   @@snip [UnfoldResource.scala](/akka-docs/src/test/scala/docs/stream/operators/source/UnfoldResource.scala) { #unfoldResource }

Java
:   @@snip [UnfoldResource.java](/akka-docs/src/test/java/jdocs/stream/operators/source/UnfoldResource.java) { #unfoldResource }

If the resource produces more than one element at a time, combining `unfoldResource` with 
@scala[`mapConcat(identity)`]@java[`mapConcat(elems -> elems)`] will give you a stream of individual elements.
See @ref:[mapConcat](../Source-or-Flow/mapConcat.md)) for details.

## Reactive Streams semantics

@@@div { .callout }

> **emits** when there is demand and the `read` function returns value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**emits** when there is demand and the `read` function returns a value
```

> **completes** when read function returns @scala[`None`]@java[an empty `Optional`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**completes** when the `read` function returns @scala[`None`]@java[an empty `Optional`]
```

## Description

`Source.unfoldResource` allows us to safely extract stream elements from blocking resources by providing it with three functions: 

1. `create`: Open or create the resource
1. `read`: Fetch the next element or signal that we reached the end of the stream by returning a @java[`Optional.empty`]@scala[`None`]
1. `close`: Close the resource, invoked on end of stream or if the stream fails

The functions are by default called on Akka's dispatcher for blocking IO to avoid interfering with other stream operations. 

> See @ref:[Blocking Needs Careful Management](/typed/dispatchers.md#blocking-needs-careful-management) for an explanation on why this is important.

Reviewer 2: Apparently paradox doesn't support absolute links like this. Even if it did, it's questionable whether they should be interpreted relative to the paradox root or to the project repo root: for snippets absolute links are relative to the project repo root, not only because that way you can include snippets from files outside the documentation tree, but also because that way the links can also be followed when browsing the markdown files on github.

Anyway at least for now:

```suggestion
See @ref:[Blocking Needs Careful Management](../../../typed/dispatchers.md#blocking-needs-careful-management) for an explanation on why this is important.
```

Reviewer: I believe I misguided @johanandren here...

> Wrap any resource that can be opened, queried for next element (in a blocking way) and closed using three distinct functions into a source.

Reviewer 3: not much value in repeating the exact same thing one more time

The functions are by default called on the blocking io dispatcher to avoid interfering with other stream operations. 
See @ref:[Blocking Needs Careful Management](../../../typed/dispatchers.md#blocking-needs-careful-management) for an explanation on why this is important

> @@@div { .callout }

Reviewer 3: in some of these we have placed this at the end in a separate section `## Reactive Streams semantics`, for example in collect.md
